# Job Board Human Study: Detecting Fake Postings in the Era of AI

---

**Access the Live Application Here:**

[**Website**](https://job-board-app-phi.vercel.app)

This application is the human-centric component of a comprehensive research
study designed to understand how individuals detect fraudulent job postings
particularly in an era increasingly influenced by Artificial Intelligence. While
our parallel research explores the machine-learning aspects of fraud detection,
this app provides a crucial platform for gathering human insights and responses.

## Why We Built This

The rise of AI has introduced new complexities to the online job market, making
it potentially harder for job seekers to distinguish legitimate opportunities
from sophisticated scams. We built this interactive job board to:

* **Gather Human Intelligence:** Collect real-time human judgments on various
job postings (both genuine and fabricated).

* **Understand Decision-Making:** Analyze the cues and thought processes job
seekers employ when evaluating job advertisements.

* **Complement AI Research:** Provide a valuable dataset that will directly
inform the fraud-research ecosystem

Your participation is vital to building safer, more transparent online
environments for job seekers everywhere.

## Key Features

* **Secure Login:** Participants access the study via a unique username and password.

* **Interactive Job Feed:** A curated list of job postings for participants to evaluate.

* **Response Capture:** Efficiently records participant decisions and
qualitative feedback on job authenticity.

* **User Progress Tracking:** Manages each participant's session to ensure
study integrity.

* **Responsive Design:** Optimized for a seamless experience across various
services (desktop, tablet, mobile).

## Technologies Used

This application is built with:

* **Flask:** A lightweight Python web framework for the backend logic.

* **Supabase:** Our robust PostgreSQL database backend for secure data storage
and real-time capabilities.

* **Vercel:** The platform used for deploying our serverless application,
ensuring scalability and easy maintenance.

* **Tailwind CSS:** A utility-first CSS framework for rapid and responsive UI development.

## Our Target Audience & Recruitment Efforts

We are specifically targeting **students and recent graduates**, as they are
often primary users of online job boards and can be particularly vulnerable to
emerging scam tactics.

Our recruitment efforts have already begun through direct outreach in various
community channels:

* **Current Progress:** We've successfully recruited **over 60 participants** by
sharing our survey and initial information within student groups on **WhatsApp**
and professional channels on **Slack**.

* **Upcoming Expansion:** We are expanding our recruitment reach by widely
sharing the app link on broader platforms like **LinkedIn**, where a large
community of job seekers can be found.

## Live Demo & Application Access

Curious to see it in action? Watch a quick demo of the app's functionality:

[![Job Board App Demo Video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/ve9jp4VfPiU/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ve9jp4VfPiU)

## How to Participate

If you are a student or recent graduate interested in participating in our
study, please visit the live application link above. You'll find a clear
call-to-action to sign up on the landing page. Participants will be contacted
when the study kicks off.

## Future Outlook

While this application currently serves our research study, the insights gained
and the robust platform built here hold significant potential for future
commercialization. We envision developing advanced tools and services to further
empower job seekers against fraudulent activities in the evolving digital
employment landscape.
